fix: add ADR for domain language (#2541)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/contributing/ADRs.md

---
title: Architectural Decision Records
---

## Introduction {#introduction}

> Architectural decision records are a record of design decisions we have made in the past because we belived they would help our code quality over time. Any ADR can be challenged, but two conditions must be met to change an ADR: (1) The proposed solution must provide a tangible benefit in terms of code quality, and (2) the proposed solutions benefit must be worth retroactively refitted to the entire codebase. One such example is the decision to re-write unleash to typescript.

Reviewer: I propose splitting this into a list for legibility

```suggestion
Architectural decision records are a record of design decisions we have made in the past because we belived they would help our code quality over time. Any ADR can be challenged, but two conditions must be met to change an ADR: 
1. The proposed solution must provide a tangible benefit in terms of code quality.
2. The benefits of the proposed solution must outweigh the effort of retroactively changing the entire codebase. 
One such example is the decision to re-write Unleash to TypeScript.
```

> ## Crosscutting ADRs

Reviewer: I wanna say this should be with a hyphen instead (i.e. "cross-cutting"), but maybe we can make it clearer by changing the word and/or by adding a description:

```suggestion
## Overarching ADRs

These ADRs describe decisions that concern the entire codebase. They apply to back-end code, front-end code, and code that doesn't neatly fit into either of those categories.
```

* [Domain language](./general/ADR/domain-language.md)

> ## Backend ADRs

Reviewer: Now that this goes into the "official" docs, I think we should align on how we spell "back end" and "front end". I've been going off Chris Coyier's short [post on whether it's "front-end" or front end"](https://css-tricks.com/poll-results-front-end-front-end/) for a bit, which says that:
- as a noun, it's two words. For instance: "I work on the front end"
- as a compound adjective, it's with a hyphen. E.g: "I'm a front-end engineer"

But I would actually be very interested to hear @JarrodSC's thoughts on this.

```suggestion
## Back-end ADRs
```

> We are currently in the process of defining ADRs for the backend, currently we have created the following ADRS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are in the process of defining ADRs for the back end. At the time of writing we have created the following ADRS:
```

* [Naming](./backend/ADR/naming.md)
* [Preferred export](./backend/ADR/preferred-export.md)

> ## Frontend ADRs
> 
> We have created a set of ADRs to help guide the development of the frontend:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Front-end ADRs

We have created a set of ADRs to help guide the development of the front end:

```

* [Component naming](./frontend/ADR/component-naming.md)
* [Interface naming](./frontend/ADR/interface-naming.md)
* [Preferred component props usage](./frontend/ADR/preferred-component-props-usage.md)
* [Preferred export](./frontend/ADR/preferred-export.md)
* [Preferred function type](./frontend/ADR/preferred-function-type.md)
* [Preferred style import placement](./frontend/ADR/preferred-styles-import-placement.md)
* [Preferred styling method](./frontend/ADR/preferred-styling-method.md)
* [Preferred data mutation method](./frontend/ADR/preferred-data-mutation-method.md)
* [Preferred data fetching method](./frontend/ADR/preferred-data-fetching-method.md)
* [Preferred folder structure](./frontend/ADR/preferred-folder-structure.md)

> * [Preferred form architecture](./frontend/ADR/preferred-form-architecture.md)

Reviewer: These don't seem to be included in the sidebar: is there any reason they're left out?

Author: Did not want to clutter the sidebar. Seemed like an acceptable tradeoff.
